Non-scrollable `ResizablePane` (#420)
macosui/macos_ui: CHANGELOG.md

##[2.0.0-beta.2]

> * Provide `ReziablePane.noScrollBar` constructor which in opposite to the default `ResizablePane` constructor does not have a built in `MaosScrollbar`
>   * The default `ResizablePane`  constructor is not `const` constructor anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨
* `ResizablePane` can now disallow the usage of its internal scrollbar via the  `ReziablePane.noScrollBar` constructor. Consequently, this means that the default constructor is no longer `const`.
```
